hi there stone fruits are classified as
a tree fruit with an edible skin and a
single stone or what we call a pit
peaches and plums are a common example
of stone fruits there are several
varieties but far too many to mention
here all stone fruits fall into two
categories cling stone or free stone
cling stone fruits have a pit which
clings to the flesh of the fruit and
cannot be easily removed these include
some varieties of peaches and plums and
nectarines typically you just eat or cut
around the pit free stone fruits have a
pit that is easily removed from the
flesh these include apricots and other
varieties of plums and peaches now that
you know the stone fruit categories I'd
like to tell you about a few unique
stone fruits that Melissa's offers the
first is Melissa sweet dream peach this
free stone fruit is incredibly sweet
juicy and low acid it's great for eating
right out of hand and can be used as a
healthy dessert for two the nectarine is
a cousin of the peach they have a flesh
that is more firm and without fuzz this
is a Melissa's honey royal nectarine you
can see that it's also incredibly sweet
and juicy it's also a clean stone and so
the pit needs to be removed with a knife
or a spoon
another cousin of the peach is the
apricot it's a free stone fruit that's a
bit smaller than its peach cousin it has
a fuzzy skin and ranges in color from
orange to dark red
Melissa's also offers a variety of sweet
juicy plums for those of you who are on
the go we offer the plum bites which
contains several varieties of sweet
plums in a single package they're
terrific for healthy lunches and
refreshing afternoon snacks
Melissa's also has new unique varieties
of stone fruits
these include aprons which is a blend of
apricot and plum giving you the texture
of an apricot with the tang of a plum
Melissa's also has plum cuts which are a
blend of plum and apricot giving you a
large plum sized fruit with flesh
ranging from tangy to super sweet plum
cuts have the most colorful skin and the
widest range of color of all the stone
fruits with colors ranging from lime
green to dark reds and purples so the
next time you're at the market and you
see a display that reads clingstone
peaches you know exactly what it means
and if you have it yet try a plum cot
and a priam because the unique flavors
of these wonderful juicy fruits will
leave you with yet another fond summer
memory